.. _about:

***************************************
"It is all about structure and vision."
***************************************

From 2008 on the launcher of this website began to gain practical experience in
the context of Embedded Software Development. The first notes have been created
then and have been structured and maintained on local filesystems. From 2012 to
2014 the content has been published as ebook on the lean publishing platform
https://leanpub.com/.

From the very first the idea has been to share knowledge in an interactive,
structured, maintainable and sustainable manner. The first interactive version
of the content arose on a local testserver as WordPress implementation and has
been launched on "non-public" webhosting in 2014. Its public lauch on
http://eswkms.org followed immediatelly. In February 2015 the ESWKMS has been
migrated to TYPO3 to optimize issues regarding user management, versioning and
publication management.

After over 6 months of experimenting with TYPO3 as full-featured content
management system (CMS) its disadvantages (e.g. maintainance cost, complexity
for users, etc.) outweighed its advantages (e.g. content management mechanisms,
file management, etc.). To ensure best community interaction and a broad user
community the ESWKMS has been migrated to github.org for project contribution in
September 2015. To reflect the evolution of the project regarding the content
and its intend the project has been renamed from ESWKMS (Embedded Software
Knowledge Management System) to ESWPÂ³ (Embedded Software Principles, Procedures
and Patterns). The content is published on readthedocs.org (http://eswp3.org).
Feel free to contribute (https://github.com/fkromer/eswp3).
